
What’s most exciting to you about Palantir’s offerings and why do you want to work here?

I find working for Palantir to be especially exciting as it treats data, decision, and actions as a single engineering problem, where any one person can take ownership of what he/she creates, rather than a typical chain of handoffs. Foundry's Ontology idea of incorporating object/relationship mappings so that teams can build on usable data is something I deeply understand, as I commonly find myself following a similar pattern. Most importantly, I absolutely enjoy creating scaled systems for a plethora of users, where I can obtain feedback (positive/criticism) that allow me to take pride and further improve upon my work. I believe Palantir will present me with difficult challenges, however I hope to take pride in my completion of those assignments and further grow as a developer! 


Please share one problem you've been able to solve more efficiently with the help of AI. On the flip side, is there something you’ve found that AI isn’t suited for and really can't help with?

A great use I find for AI is in greatly accelerating tedious works. In the case of developing Flask Applications, I wouldn't just direct the AI to create the entire app, rather I will set the underlying basis of the app. For example, at my current internship, I've been tasked to create a CRM system for our entire company encompassing orders/contacts/projects for architectural/civil engineering works. A CRM in itself is relatively simple, however tedious. I initially laid the ground work: Folder structure, deployment pipeline, server hosting, database configuration, a few UI pages. After which I instructed the AI to entirely create the phone view along with some other UI improvements for the Desktop view. While it may have taken me around 2 weeks to create by hand, the model was able to replicate what I had (with some tuning and prompt engineering) 